---
day: 18
layout: post
title: PBSMS
miles: 5.54
temp: 74
---

I wasn't planning on running today. Usually the long runs are on Sundays, but I'll be on a plane tomorrow for the first time in almost ten years, and I was worried that I might be too excited to sleep well tonight, so when I woke up feeling good this morning I decided to go for it. I planned a route that took me down to Fell's Point, up into Patterson Park, and then part of the way back, catching the Circulator home in the Inner Harbor. It totaled 5.1 miles when I planned it. When I actually ran the route, I ended up making what I thought were minor adjustments along the way to stay nearer to the water, but it ended up adding about half a mile to the total distance!

Today's run was good and bad. About a mile in I started feeling some pressure where I had taped my arch on my right foot. I nearly stopped to remove the tape, but before I could find a bench the pain faded so I kept going. I am regretting that decision now: the tissue on the bottom of my foot is seriously inflamed, and I am concerned that it could turn into a real problem. I'm icing it now, and will continue to do so for the next few days, and I'll try to take it a little easy for the next week or so. I am also sorry to report that I walked for the first time today. The route I planned was flawed in that it reached my previous long distance of four miles right at the point that it climbed the hill to Patterson Park. I walked for about 0.2 miles between Bank Street and Pratt, and then finished out the last mile and a half or so running, and even sprinted for the last two blocks to make up for it. But, all things considered, my total run distance was still just about five and a quarter miles, which is a new personal best since middle school (PBSMS).

I have also started to develop some gnarly blisters/calluses on the balls of my feet and the inside of the arch. I think this may be due to the fact that I don't have any tight-fitting socks, they're all old and loose. It may be time to pick up a few pairs of nice running socks, as well as one of those nifty water bottles that straps to your hand, 5 miles is kind of a long way to run without anything to drink.
